Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Detective Sipowicz, please tell the court
how you came to arrest Mr. Giardella.
This past August 27 th,
I was routinely surveilling the
defendant because he's a known felon.
During the course of the surveillance,
I observed the defendant's vehicle...
have a flat tire, and he got out of
the Cadillac and he opened the trunk.
At that time I approached the vehicle,
identified myself as a police officer,
and in the course of casual observation
of the open trunk,
I saw 27 cartons of filter cigarettes
which did not have tax stamps.
I ascertained that the vehicle
was owned by the defendant.
I gave him his rights
and took him into custody.
Nothing further, Your Honor.
Detective Sipowicz,
you've testified that the cartons
of untaxed cigarettes,
for possession of which you arrested
Mr. Giardella, were in plain sight...
in Mr. Giardella's trunk when he opened
it to get out a jack to fix the flat.
- Right.
- Now, there were seven nails...
in Mr. Giardella's
right rear radial, Detective.
That wouldn't exactly
produce a slow leak.
Yet you say that during several hours
of antecedent surveillance...
you saw no one damage
Mr. Giardella's tire.
I was surveilling Mr. Giardella,
not his car, Counselor.
He stopped at
Niglio's Coffee House.
Maybe, uh...
Maybe some urban youths...
- did mischief to his vehicle
during that time frame.
Your Honor, uh, justified or not,
the reputation of the neighborhood in
which Niglio's Coffee House is located...
is such that urban youths"...
do not tend to congregate
and do mischief in its environs.
Maybe he drove past a construction site
after he left the place.
Detective Sipowicz is known to have a
personal vendetta against Mr. Giardella.
I submit that the true scenario is that
while my client stopped at Niglio's,
Detective Sipowicz hammered nails
into his tire and caused a flat,
so that when Mr. Giardella
stopped to get out a spare,
the detective could circumvent
probable cause statutes...
and go fishing inside
Mr. Giardella's trunk.
Move to suppress the evidence as tainted
and dismiss the complaint.
Granted.
- What about the construction-site
theory? - Pathetic.
Adjourned.
Hey, what is that,
a dead rat you got on your head?
Now make some bad-wig jokes.
Meanwhile, I'm walking out the door,
you nickel stiff.
Sipowicz, what is it you clear, about 90 a
day? Here, go buy yourself some clean socks.
I'm gonna burn you down, you
small-time operator. You count on it.
- Let's lay off him. - No shot. That
wig-wearing hump rubs me the wrong way.
I'm gonna make his life miserable.
- And bury your own career in the bargain.
- Who are you kiddin', John?
- They already held that service.
- Andy...
Hey, Miss District Attorney. You really
prosecuted the crap outta that one.
I went with the crap I had,
Detective.
Oh, you think that was a hummer bust?
You sayin' I queered that guy's tire?
I'd say res ipsa locuitor
if I thought you knew what it meant.
Hey! Ipsa this,
you pissy little bitch!
- Hey, guys.
- How's it going?
How you doin', Detective?
- Morning.
- Good morning.
Detective Kelly.
Hey, Sarge. Thank you.
Where's Sipowicz?
Hey, Lieutenant.
He's, uh, runnin' an errand.
My office.
I heard he flipped out in court.
You need to think about a new partner.
Lieutenant, I know Sipowicz
is messin' up,
but he's gonna come out of it.
I realize how you feel about him, John.
Both of us know where Andy is right now,
and it's not runnin' an errand.
He's on a bar stool at Patrick's
gettin' loaded.
Andy was a great cop. Now he's a drunk
that won't help himself.
I'm taking him off the street.
Lieutenant, don't do that yet. Let me talk
to him. Let me see if I can shake him up.
That asshole Giardella.
He can wear all the thousand-dollar
suits he wants. I'm not impressed.
I popped him when he was rollin' drunks
in the park, and he knows I did.
You know where that wig-wearin'
scumbag hump's gonna be tonight?
- The best table at Gianinni's.
- Gianinni's. You're damn right,
tellin' some broad how his lawyer
made me look like a jerk.
Mm.
Ahh.
Leon, hurt me twice.
- This is gotta stop, Andy.
- What's gotta stop?
This. You're gettin' stiff
every afternoon now.
Hey, look.
I don't recall...
requesting any career-counselling
session from you.
When was the last time
you tried goin' on the wagon?
you tried growin' tits?
All right.
Maybe we better talk in the morning.
- No, no, no. Let's talk now.
- Okay.
- I think we should call it quits.
- Meaning what?
Meaning us being partners.
Huh! Yeah, sure.
Get a little bored at home,
you dump your wife.
Got a few problems at work,
you dump your partner.
First of all, I didn't dump her, she dumped
me, and second of all, I've been carryin' you.
I know it, you know it,
every cop in the station house knows it,
and I'm sick of it.
All right. You wanna split up? That's
no problem. That's no problem at all.
- Get your hands off me. Get your hands off of me!
- Let's go...
- Let's go somewhere and get somethin' to eat.
- I can't.
I'm on rug patrol tonight.
It might embarrass your career.
- Andy, come here.
- Get away. Just get away from me, Kelly,
or so help me,
I'll clean your clock.
- Let me, uh, take care of this.
- Sure.
- Hey, Ramon.
- Hey, hiya, Detective.
- She just went in.
- Where'd you get that shiner?
Oh, punks. They jumped me
in the basement on Tuesday.
- Anybody report it?
- What am I gonna report?
I just gave 'em the $46.
Ramon, you don't report it,
I can't do anything about it.
I'll send a sector car over.
You should move back into the building
is what you should do.
Hey.
I brought dinner.
Where's the separation forms,
Johnny?
You know what? I lost 'em.
- You lost them?
- I looked all over the station.
- We'll both work off yours.
- We're each supposed to fill out assets and expenses, you jerk.
I lost the form, Laurie.
You want me to hang myself?
So am I dismissed?
Do I get pizza?
Ramon got mugged
in the laundry room?
- Last Tuesday.
- When was I gonna hear about it?
I just found out about it yesterday, John.
He was embarrassed to let anyone know.
Don't go down there nighttime anymore,
all right?
I've been going to the Laundromat.
How's work?
You gonna let 'em put up that building?
We're still negotiating the variance.
Thank you.
How's your work, John?
I'd ask if I wanted to know.
You know... we are splittin' up.
You do not have to hate
the job anymore, okay?
Just 'cause we're splitting doesn't mean
I'm going to stop worrying about you...
or caring what happens to you.
Good.
Hey, come here.
- You sure we're doing the right thing?
- I'm sure.
Hmm? Because a lot of people stay together
behind less than what we got goin', Laurie.
That's not good enough.
Look, I don't want to have this
conversation every time you get horny.
It's not going to work out for us.
My mistake.
- I think it would be easier on us if we made a clean break.
- Okay.
I mean, I still have feelings for you,
and I know you still have feelings for me.
- That's right.
- So I think it would be easier if we just left each other alone.
A lot of good this is going to do.
Anything you want, Sal.
You're such an easy guy to find,
Alfonse.
Thursday's at Gianinni's.
You're such a creature of habit.
- What are you doing here, Sipowicz?
- Am I interrupting, huh?
Was Al here impressing you on how strong
he is with the Marino family?
Hey, I'm with a lady. You're crossin'
a line here. Move away from me.
What is that, a threat, huh?
That supposed to intimidate me?
Look around you, Sipowicz. You can't
afford anything in here. Go home.
- Stand up.
- Are you crazy?
- Shut up! Stand up! Just shut your mouth!
- Are you nuts?
All right. Mr. Wig says,
Alfonse has to go outside now."
Come on. Come on.
Come on. Let's go.
Get off me, you son of a bitch!
- Hey, Alfonse, you okay? Alfonse, you all right?
- Get back!
- Get back or I'll blow your head off!
- All right, take it easy.
All right. Let's see, Alfonse.
Let's see. Is this your money? Huh?
Here's your money, Alfonse. Is this the
hundred you offered me in court today?
Eat it! Eat it!
You're a damn psycho, Sipowicz!
You need some time in the country!
Here, you big ape!
You want some dessert, huh?
Here, Alfonse,
have a sock for dessert!
Have one of the socks
I can't afford to change!
- Aah!
- What's that need, Alphonse, huh?
Something to spice it up?
Maybe a dash of wig?
Here, go on. How's that, huh?
- You think you're better than me! Is that what you think?
- Andy! Andy!
- Look at me now! Laugh now,
you dick-head! - Get over here!
- You get outta here!
- Breathe deep! Breathe deep!
Enjoy yourself! You just made
the worst mistake of your life!
- What is the matter with you?
- Stop followin' me around, will ya?
- Get outta here! Stop followin'me around.
- What's the matter with you?
- Stop followin' me around!
- What's goin' on, Detective?
It's over.
Are you all right?
Yeah, I'm all right.
Make sure he gets home.
He's a cop.
- Come on. You all right?
- Yeah, yeah.
# Yeah #
# Uh-huh #
# Yeah ##
- Officer Licalsi.
- Yeah?
Weren't you at
the 116 out in Queens?
Yeah, till last month.
Who would I call over there to get
special attention on an apartment building?
- Give me the address. I'll take care of it.
- Got a piece of paper?
- Right.
- This is my wi...
uh, ex-wife's address.
There was a robbery in the basement
on Tuesday. Super didn't report it.
I'll make sure a sector car keeps an eye
on it. I will too. I live out there myself.
Appreciate it.
I didn't realize you were,
uh, gettin' a divorce.
Uh,
yeah, I'm just, uh,
gettin'it done.
- That's too bad.
- Yeah. Anyway, thanks a lot.
Detective.
Who called the rat squad?
- Something to do with your partner feeding Giardella his wig last night.
- Yeah.
- The restaurant owner filed a complaint.
- Where's Sipowicz?
Try the men's room. They're gonna
want your statement, too, Detective.
Here, open... open this for me.
- You get home all right?
- Yeah.
- See Internal Affairs outside?
- I'm screwed.
- Hey, not off the statement I'm gonna give 'em.
Nah. They got me.
What you said yesterday...
I can't disagree.
I been holdin' you down,
makin' you look bad.
No, that's not the point. You stop drinking,
you get a little help for yourself...
Hey, you get to a point,
the hand's been dealt and played.
- Still friends, though, right?
- Oh, come on!
Still friends.
I.A.D. Prefers you
and Detective Sipowicz don't confer.
You ready, Detective?
Yeah.
So, what happened last night?
- Was it as bad as the club owner said?
- I didn't see very much.
I'm not pairing you with anybody
till we see how this shakes out.
You need a body,
use the kid in anticrime, Martinez.
You got a visitor here, Detective.
Detective Kelly,
I'm Josh Goldstein.
- I know you from someplace. - Yeah, I'm
apartment 4-B in your ex-wife's building.
Ohh! Come on. There wasn't
another robbery, was there?
No, not since Tuesday.
Although I did notice some suspicious
characters in the lobby last night.
No, I'm an attorney, Detective.
Uh, Laura asked me to provide
some additional documents...
which we need to file
with the City Clerk.
- We weren't gonna use lawyers.
- Oh, I'm not being compensated.
She just felt the process would go more
smoothly if somebody functioned as a go-between.
Sometimes we tend to get...
sidetracked.
Well, if you'll fill these out,
we can meet this afternoon, actually.
- How come you got a gun?
- Gun?
- What...
- Yeah, in your briefcase.
- You got a permit for that?
- Oh, my God, Detective.
It's just because of everything
that's been going on in the building.
So that's a no" on the permit.
Well, no, I...
No, please, don't arrest me.
- I could be disbarred. It'd kill my parents.
- Shh. Shh.
It's okay. Get the permit.
Now, I take these
to the City Clerk?
Yeah. Um, we can meet you
there this afternoon. Is 3:00 all right?
3:00.
Um, I just want you to know,
Detective, uh,
your wife wanted me to assure you that
there's no deepening of animosities here.
- What's she cooking for you?
- Excuse me?
Well, if she's not payin' ya,
she's cookin' for ya.
Mm.
We agreed on three dinners
in lieu of compensation.
- You drive a hard bargain. What's on the menu?
- I'll happily take pot luck.
Okay, um, 3:00,
City Clerk's office.
- Thank you.
- James Martinez, Detective.
I heard a lot about you.
Anyways, I can help.
I don't know what you heard about me,
but this is a temporary assignment.
- Don't unpack your bags, okay? Yeah.
- I can work with that. Yeah.
Initial here to show that you declined
legal and union representation...
while you were
giving the statement.
From this point, Detective, you should
consider yourself on modified assignment.
Your salary will continue.
You'll be notified
of further disciplinary action.
I'll need your gun and shield.
No, John. Stay away.
Detective Kelly.
Line 'em up, Leon.
- Hi, Andy.
- Come on. Line 'em up.
All right, come on. Let's go.
They're killin'me, Lois.
I know, baby.
They sit there, starin'at ya,
make you explain everything.
- Mm-hmm. - They never been
on the streets in their lives.
- Maybe I should take a shower.
- No.
Later. After, hmm?
- They try to make you feel like two cents.
- Mm.
Come on, baby. Come to Mama.
Mm-mm.
Mm.
- Hey, fat-ass.
- Wha...
Looks like you're a creature of habit,
too, Sipowicz,
only yours is gonna make you dead.
- I'm sorry, Andy. I'm sorry.
- I hope you got paid a lot of money.
- Wait, now. You gotta let me get outta here.
- Go ahead. Good job.
I'm sorry, Andy.
She got people in Orlando.
- She thinks she's movin' down there.
- Yeah?
Did you tell her
she could work Disney World?
Say something smarter than that,
Sipowicz. You're gonna be dead a long time.
I'd rather be dead than walkin' around
with that mop on my head.
- Hey, hey, private club.
- Kiss my ass.
He's got a badge, Mr. Marino.
You know where
Alfonse Giardella is?
- No.
- Did you know he shot a cop?
You didn't know, did ya?
He works for ya, and he didn't
get your permission, did he?
Hey, who raised you
to have such a big mouth?
- Let's go, pal.
- Yeah.
- Tell Giardella thatJohn Kelly...
- Uuh!
Wants to see him.
Okay?
- No hands!
- John Kelly.
The hospital lists Sipowicz's condition
as extremely critical.
He's bleeding too badly
for them to finish operating.
The front desk'll have word
of any change.
We're coordinating
with Port Authority PD,
monitoring all bus,
rail and air terminals...
for the prostitute whose
apartment he was shot at.
Meadows and Wong are canvassing her building
in her neighborhood for any possible witnesses.
Sager and French
are on Patrick's Bar.
I'm handling forensics.
You're all green-lighted
for any necessary overtime.
This is Inspector Lastarza
of the Organized Crime Unit.
Gentlemen, ladies,
first, be assured that as you
investigate Detective Sipowicz's shooting,
you'll receive whatever intelligence
and logistical assistance...
my task force can provide.
By the same token,
since task-force operations are ongoing,
and involve individuals who will fall
within the margins of your investigation,
it's imperative that you provide us
with notice of your activities.
A costly and regrettable incident
has just occurred...
as a result of an officer's
failure to so notify.
I urge you all to avoid
a repetition.
Good luck.
Kelly. See me.
- You knocked out the surveillance mike.
- Where?
At the social club, Detective, when you
were doing yourJohn Wayne act for Marino.
- I was putting a guy off me.
- Yeah, you planted him in the thermostat,
which is where we placed our surveillance
mike, which is no longer transmitting.
Hey, look, my partner got shot. I could
care about your surveillance mike.
I'm hooked into the biggest crime family
in the city.
I got two years
and 20,000 man-hours on the line,
and I'm not gonna jeopardize that
for any one shooting victim...
cop or no cop,
partner or no partner.
Your officer's emotionally involved,
Lieutenant.
He's out of policy. He's got no business
anywhere near this case.
Is he right?
That I'm emotionally involved?
Yeah. Aren't you?
- Is he right that you're out of control?
- Where's this going?
I want you to sit down.
Make a list of all possible suspects...
- people he busted, people he pissed off...
- That's a waste of time.
That's a waste of time.
So's forensics, so's lookin' for Lois.
- She's either outta town or outta air.
- Are you gonna do what I ask?
You want a suspect list, Lieutenant?
You got one.
Your wife's downstairs.
Oh, God.
I blew that 3:00.
This is pretty inconsiderate,
even for you, John.
The clerk's office is two subway rides
for your former wife and me.
- For you, it's across the street.
- I'm sorry.
You put us to
considerable inconvenience.
Are you done impressing her yet?
You ready to shut your mouth?
He's doing us the favor, so why don't
you dial down the macho intimidation...
- Andy was shot a couple hours ago.
- Oh, my God.
So, I'm sorry, but we're gonna have
to do the paperwork another time.
Okay?
- Hi. I'm sorry about Sipowicz.
- Hey. Yeah.
I don't know what you're doing after
work. If you're going to the hospital...
- He might not be alive that long.
- Well, if you want someone to ride over there with you,
- or just get a beer...
- Thanks.
I'll let you know.
15th Precinct,
Detective Squad, Officer Martinez.
Hey, Juanito.
Your list of suspects.
This a joke? One name?
Alfonse Giardella set him up. Alfonse
Giardella shot him. There are no other suspects.
Well, it'll only take about 15 minutes.
- You wanna get in some trouble?
- I'm up for that.
- I gotta go.
- Come on.
- Police!
- Hey! Whoa!
Everyone zip up, wipe their hands off
and get against the back wall!
That's it. Come on. Move it.
- Angelo Marino. Thank him. Come on.
- Move to the side. That's it.
- Atta boy. Come on. Get over here.
- Call him...
- Call him when you want to be bailed out.
- Spread your legs.
Thank him for the bust.
You come around. Here you go.
Delivery.
- Lunchtime, fellas!
- You are under arrest.
- Get against the wall!
- Tell Marino...
come here, Grandpa... this is because
he can't control his people.
- This is for Giardella shootin' a cop.
- Spread 'em!
And...
Waste your time
runnin' like that, man.
You're never gonna
get away from me.
- Thanks for your help, Martinez.
You got real moves out there.
I escaped a lot as a youth.
Come here, Kelly.
- Take your things out of your pocket and put 'em there.
- I want my lawyer.
Just roll from the left to the right.
What the hell do you
think you're doin'?
- I'm gonna bleed Marino till he gives up Giardella.
- What if he gives him up dead?
- That's okay too.
- I got four messages from Lastarza I haven't answered.
- I'm not gonna be able to protect you if it hits the fan.
- I understand.
Step over this way.
Hands at your sides.
Officer Licalsi.
- You wanna get that beer?
- Sure.
Here you go.
- Was Sipowicz your first partner?
- Yep, since I got my shield.
- He's tough, huh?
- Yeah.
He's still hangin' on.
I been afraid to go over there.
My dad died in that hospital
when I was a kid, you know?
- How'd he die?
- He was a cop.
- Oh.
- Went through the wrong door.
- I'm sorry.
- Yeah. Huh.
- My dad's a cop too.
- Oh, yeah?
- Whereabouts?
- Uptown, the 27.
- My folks live in Staten Island now.
- They must be proud of you, huh?
I hope so.
You don't have to be at the hospital.
You were with Sipowicz when it mattered.
Yeah, I don't know.
You know, we got into a big beef
right before he went after Giardella.
I halfway think that's why he did it,
you know?
I mean, I know that's not why
he got shot, but...
you know, it just seems that...
no matter how much
you feel about someone...
you never really get it
squared away, you know?
You never really get to understand them
the way you wanted.
Is that how it was with your wife?
No, she blamed the job.
Said I was in the street too much.
Maybe she didn't meet you halfway.
Maybe she didn't
know how to listen.
Hmm.
- There's probably enough blame
to go around there, right?
You wanna get some dinner?
Yeah.
Yeah?
May I take these? Thank you.
- So what do you want to be doing in a couple of years?
- What you're doing now.
I want my shield.
I heard you got yours when you were 28.
Yep. I was lucky.
So what do we do now?
That depends on you.
You're right up front, aren't you?
I don't count on second chances.
You're gonna think I'm weird if I tell
ya I'm not really sure what I wanna do.
- I don't think you're weird.
- I was married six years. I never fooled around.
- Really?
- That's right.
Well... why don't we
just play it by ear?
Where are we playin'?
# Yeah, yeah #
# Whoa, it's all right
It's all right #
# Come on, come on #
# Come on #
# Yeah, yeah, yeah #
# Oh, it's all right
Come on, come on #
# Come on ##
Oh, yeah. Ohh.
I'll be right back.
- Oh, you are here.
- Hi.
- You know, your phone's off the hook.
- Is that right?
Is there any news about Andy?
Uhh... no, he's, uh...
he's the same.
Look, I'm sorry I messed up
on the papers.
No. That's the last thing
you should have been thinking about.
Can I come in?
Uhh... I got, uh...
I got some company.
Well,
you're all broken up about Andy,
aren't you, John?
- Let's just do what we
came here to do, all right?
I'm James Sinclair,
of counsel to Alfonse Giardella.
We understand that my client is wanted for
questioning in the shooting of Detective Sipowicz.
Some head case rousts me in the street,
and I get harassed when he's whacked.
- He ain't dead yet, Alfonse. - Hey, I
don't give a damn about your fat-ass buddy.
Makes no difference to me.
I was playing cards.
- You here for a statement?
- That's right.
- Interview one.
- Come on, come on.
You see, I know what you're trying
to do, Kelly, with me and Angelo Marino.
- You can forget it. It's not gonna work.
- What I think would be useful...
is that if maybe you
traced your activities,
starting, say,
8:00 yesterday morning.
I'm gonna trace myself.
I just wanna tell this douche bag
that he's barkin' up the wrong tree.
- He's making trouble for the wrong people.
- Sit down, fatso.
All right. So I was on my way
to Atlantic City. I got a condo there.
I arrived at my condo,
and I went over to several casinos
where I lost money playing blackjack.
It's all there on the ceiling cameras.
You can check it out.
I arrived back at my condo, and I got a call
from my wife that you guys was lookin'for me.
This was, what?
Maybe 900 last night?
I drove back up this morning.
- Questions, gentlemen?
- Yeah.
What time did you get
to the casino yesterday?
'Bout 4:00 in the afternoon.
That's three and a half hours
after Sipowicz was shot.
That's when I arrived. What do you want
me to say? What, is he suddenly talkin'now?
He's makin' accusations? 'Cause I was
accompanied the whole drive.
I got people
that can testify to that.
Hey, look, I don't care what he says
in his whacked-out, deluded mind.
Screw him and screw you guys!
None of this here is gonna work.
Angelo Marino trusts me.
- I should thank you, Detective.
- For what?
This one-man crackdown of yours
has made my fiscal year.
- Please, take my card if you should need to be in touch.
- Shove it, Counselor.
Take the card, Detective,
and look at the address on the back.
It's a restaurant I strongly recommend
for dinner tonight.
Hey, Jimmy.
Come on. Let's go.
Your party's here, Mr. Marino.
Excuse me. I gotta look for a wire.
- Hey, ya got me. Pager unit.
- It's okay, Lou.
You don't mind if I hold it, huh?
That way, I won't have to take it apart.
- Nah.
- Enjoy your meal.
- You want something to eat, drink?
- No.
This has gotta stop,
this crap in the street.
- Gimme Giardella.
- We're not talking about Alfonse Giardella.
If I got a problem with that, I'll take care
of it myself. We're talking about you and me.
I'm sitting here politely,
I'm offering you a deal...
and I'm telling you, either cut this out
or we got a serious problem, you understand?
- That isn't gonna continue.
- He whacked my partner, and I want him.
And I said, the problem's mine
to take care of.
Now, sometimes people get justice
without getting time.
Not good enough.
You punk.
You're gonna tell me
what's good enough?
how to run my business?
You're gonna embarrass me in public?
You think you can't get hurt too?
- You know what you have to do.
- You're gonna keep this up, aren't ya?
Till he's mine.
This thing's goin' off.
What happened?
I was on my way home.
I saw the radio cars.
Your ex-wife, she's fine. She wasn't
involved. She knows the guy that got mugged.
He was in the basement doing his laundry.
He didn't want to give up his wallet.
- I can walk. This is...
- Watch it.
I'm on the job.
Any description of this guy?
All right. You okay, 4-B?
Yeah, I'm gonna live. Guess as
a fighter, I make a great lawyer. Heh!
- Is my nose broken?
- I wouldn't be surprised.
Well, maybe this
is an excuse to get it fixed.
Look, I'll go get my bag,
and I'll meet you in the emergency room.
No, that's really not necessary.
- You all right? You see anything?
- No, not till he came to my door.
Maybe, uh, you go over to your mother's
till I get this guy.
I didn't have a right
to do that last night.
I didn't have a right to talk to you
like that when I came to your apartment.
- It's all right.
- No, it isn't.
You have a right to have company
the same way I do.
Just because I had a hard time
living with you...
- doesn't mean I'm not having a hard time living without you.
- We'll feel our way through it.
I'm gonna go to the hospital.
- Where are they takin' him?
- Queen's General.
- Nothing new on Andy?
- No.
Take care of yourself, all right?
See you, John.
- She's okay?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Uh, hey, thanks for stopping, you know.
- No problem.
- What about us?
- We're fine. We're fine.
- I'll call you later. All right?
- Okay.
- Take care, all right?
- I will.
Mr. Marino. You wanted to see me?
This guy won't hear reason.
Is that your impression?
That Kelly won't back off?
I'm not sure.
He's pretty upset about his partner.
Not sure?
You're screwin' the guy,
and you're not sure?
All right.
I want you to kill him.
How am I gonna do that?
You're a cop.
You'll figure something out.
I'm sorry I didn't...
I didn't get here till now, buddy. L...
I had a bad experience here...
you know, my dad, and, uh...
You know about that.
I don't know... I don't know
if you can hear me, or what.
I don't know.
I don't know what's goin' on
in your head.
But, uh...
I'm sorry.
You know, I wished I coulda
helped you more, you know?
I just...
Uh, I'm grateful for the way...
you... you treated me... coming up,
and, uh...
you were like a father to me, man.
And, uh... if this is good-bye,
I came here to tell you that you're
the toughest bastard I ever met...
and I'm not countin' you out.
I'm not countin' you out.
Andy?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org